Docs: Unify duplicate info about release management (#11)
CATcher-org/catcher-org.github.io: dg/project-management.md

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Automated release

Follow these steps to create an automated release using this workflow:
1. Create and merge a Pull Request that updates CATcher's version number in the `package.json` file.
2. Navigate to the `Actions` Tab of the `CATcher` repository and start the `Draft Deployment` Workflow.
    - This workflow deploys the web app and creates a Draft Release containing the desktop app's executables
3. Edit the Draft Release:
    - Update the description with a changelog that describes any new features or bug fixes
4. Publish the release.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Manual release

> Follow these steps to create a manual release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to manually release a new version of CATcher:
```
